Computers keep us in touch with
family and friends and help us
do our jobs.
The connectedness of our devices
allows us to achieve more, and
the Internet allows you to tap
into people and great ideas
around the world to collaborate
with anyone and bring your
ambitions to life.
This series of lessons is
designed to help you improve
your current skills and also
learn new skills to help you
succeed in the online world.
This course introduces you to
the skills needed to collaborate
online and pursue your
ambitions.
You might be new to working
online, or you may have a lot of
experience online with
smartphones, but you're learning
how to accomplish tasks on
laptops or desktop computers.
If the thought of working online
seems intimidating to you, or if
you felt frustrated with
previous attempts to learn these
skills, consider this insight
from a talented digital literacy
coach in Kenya, Grace Shimi
Mukiza.
She noted that the roots of
getting to knowledge are always
hard and tough, but the fruits
of it are always enjoyable and
sweet.
So practice these skills and
over time you will succeed.
This course is dedicated to
getting things done online.
We'll see how to connect to your
network, use e-mail, video chat,
and search the Internet, as well
as how to stay safe while doing
so.
I'm Garrett Chow and welcome to
this course on working and
collaborating online.
Let's get started.